[FLINK-28088] Adjust table store document to catalog (#159)
apache/flink-table-store: docs/content/docs/development/query-table.md

## Query Optimization

> It is highly recommended taking partition and primary key filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to specify partition and primary key filters
along with the query, which will speed up the data skipping of the query.
```
Nit: `It is recommended to do sth.`

- `in`
- starts with `like`

## Real-time Streaming Consumption

By default, data is only visible after the checkpoint, which means
that the streaming reading has transactional consistency.

> If you want the data to be immediately visible, you need to set table option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediate data visibility is configured via
```

`log.consistency` = `eventual`.

> In this at-least-once mode, records are sent to downstream jobs ahead of time,
> which means that duplicate data may be sent at job failover, and you may need to
> manually de-duplicate data to achieve final consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the tradeoff between data freshness and completeness, immediate data visibility is barely accomplished under exactly-once semantics. Nevertheless, users can relax the constraint to use at-least-once mode to achieve it. Note that records may be sent to downstream jobs ahead of the watermark (since no barrier alignment is required), which may lead to duplicate data during job failover. As a result, users may need to manually de-duplicate data to achieve final consistency.
```
